The Joe Rogan experience. So who makes sense to you is Bernie makes.
Bernie is my guy. Bernie's my guy through and through. And I'll tell you why,
because a, we need Medicare for all.
We need to abolish student debt and that you just tax wall street gambling,
done Medicare for all cut the military budget done.
I don't want to live in a country where people are rationing insulin.
I don't want to live in a country where half of the GoFundMe campaigns are
because people are going to die. If they don't get donations for healthcare,
what is wrong with this country? Um, but back to Bernie, I mean,
you look at the last 30 years of political advocacy.
This is a guy who's been saying the same thing for 30 straight years.
No matter if it's veterans writes about Gulf war syndrome, um,
about just a political revolution as needed. I mean,
he's been talking about that since he won the Senate seat initially,
and you can't really say the same thing about any other candidate.
And I do like what Tulsi Gabbard is saying.
And I do like some of the things Elizabeth Warren saying,
but it seems like she's just making it up on the fly and adopting kind of Bernie
light policies.
And I think this is all a strategy to siphon all the delegates away from Bernie,
because we already know this third way.
Corporate wall street funded organization.
That's like corporate Democrats have said they want anyone, but Bernie,
Bernie is the biggest threat to the establishment by far.
Did you see when Charlemagne called Elizabeth Warren,
the original Rachel Dolezal.
Uh, to her fancy, she's not, she doesn't have a chance.
She doesn't have a chance with the Trump's.
All Trump has to say is Pocahontas over and over again.
I say, Pocahontas is racist. Um, it's a Disney movie.
How could Pocahontas be raised?
Really.
Really screwed up. That's a big up. It's a really wound up getting the DNA test.
I am 200 times more African than she is native American.
I'm 1.6% again.
Oh man, that ego of these people, it's like, she's just so upset that Trump.
Yeah. I mean, I.
That's that she went and got jobs saying she was native American.
I mean, yeah. It's one thing to say. I have native American blood.
It's another thing. And I don't know how much, you know,
ancestry native American ancestors she has. But I do know that she was,
you know, that was on like her Harvard bio and all this stuff.
And it's just like, what is going on? Well, Jamie is.
James talked about it. He didn't
[inaudible] he got into.
[Inaudible].
But he thought he was a lot of people thought he was my,
my wife thought she was my wife thought she was part native American.
So she got her DNA done. She's like, oh a bunch of liars.
With Warren's more native Americans. That.
Was a thing. I think my wife's still more native American. She's a little bit,
but that was a thing where people were like,
they wanted it to be spiritual. They would say they were part native American.
They wanted to be extra cool. Well, my native American blood, oh, I can,
I smell. And wolves are coming. You can put your ear to the ground.
He know what it's going to rain. Like they're more connected to nature.
It's like some weird thing I remember in high school,
like when kids wanted it to be cool,
they would say they were part native American. You're like, ah, wow.
Native American community came out after she got the DNA test. And they said,
this is not, this does not make you native, native as much more than like,
whatever percentage of your blood. I mean, native is a, you know,
it's a way of life. It's, it's a culture.
And they were in there and it was really kind of, um, gross.
That whole thing was just bizarre.
It was grosses. Even after the testing,
she was trying to use that as proof that she was correct.
And then people will analyze the data. Like, are you crazy? You know, small,
this percentages, this is an insanely small percentage.
But she was saying that Trump needed to give her a million dollars because of
the fact that she did take the test, like.
It was insulting to the native community. It was embarrassing all around.
And it was also just weird that she even did it at the behest of Trump. Like,
why did you do that? You got.
Yeah, but he hadn't, she had to do it.
Cause he kept saying it over and over and over again.
I feel like she's a politician.
And I say that in the most unflattering of terms,
I feel like she's one of those people that just says what needs to be said in
order to get away. That's what it seems like,
where I don't get that impression from Tulsi at all. I don't,
I don't feel like that's who she is.
I feel like she's a veteran who did two tours in the middle
east and who's a Congresswoman from Hawaii who really wants to do good. I mean,
I really do think that what she's, she doesn't take any corporate money. None.
She wants this.
She wants this job because she thinks she can do a better job than what has been
done before. And the other people that are running for it, I really believe her.
I mean, she's, she makes sense to me. What do you think about Bernie?
I like a lot of things. Bernie says, uh, you know,
one of the things interesting now that people are mad at him and he's rich,
right? But he made a lot of money off his book and they said,
you go write your own book, your own money.
I mean, there's a lot of, you know, criticisms that people lobby against him.
What I like about him socially is that what
he is standing for is the downtrodden.
He's standing for the people that are dead. Don't catch a good break.
When he starts talking about things like income, inequality, I always say,
I'm like, okay, I understand what you're doing and why you're saying you put,
what is the cause of income inequality? Like what, that's,
what we need to find out. We need to find out what's the cause. Like why,
why are these poor communities the way they are and why that needs to be helped?
That needs to be fixed. There's so much that can be done. That's not being done.
And at least he seems to be,
he seems to be calling out to the people that are,
are ignored that, you know, aren't,
aren't being served by wall street.
Right? I mean, a big problem is when automation happened, um,
wages stopped going up with inflation and then credit subsidized
all of the wages.
And that's why people are just indebted to credit credit card companies were,
you know, up to our ears in debt and that, and he does talk about that.
And he talks about the solutions to that, but you're totally right. I mean,
what other candidate of these 25 people are discussing
things that are going to reach like a populist, you know,
have a populous message that are reaching.
Andrew Yang is I'd like what Andrew Yang saying? He, again,
like Tulsi does not seem like a politician. I believe him.
He's an entrepreneur and a businessman and he's warning everyone. He's,
he's like the Paul Revere of automation. He's like, you know, look,
artificial intelligence is coming and you're going to be out of jobs.
The half the country is going to be out of jobs.
And we can actually figure out a way to get through this.
And there's a bridge that we can make. And through this universal income,
universal basic income,
you can develop a bridge where you can give people their basic needs, food,
water, shelter, give them food,
like make sure that no one's starving that even though people are out of jobs,
make sure that their needs are met.
So then they can go and find a way through this mess and then figure out a way
to contribute and make an income and make a, make a living and adjust.
But to have nothing to have nothing, like what, what is that like,
you can't just have people out of work because of automation and people go back
to the industrial age. Well, Hey, that happened during this and that. And yeah.
Okay. It did it then,
but it didn't work out well for all those people that lost those jobs back then
we should,
we shouldn't have to go through that massive chaotic situation again,
if there's a way to engineer a better way through it.
I don't know if universal basic income works. Um, you know,
I've talked to a lot of people that think like a novel, uh,
he was on my podcast recently and his perspective is it doesn't give people
meaning, and it's not a good idea cause you need a life.
If you want people to be happy and you want to be able to do something,
they need to have meaning in their time and what they do just to give people
money. It's not going to make people happy.
Yeah. I think it's a band-aid. Yeah.
I think it's a band-aid I agree with the concept that yang proposes about UBI,
but yeah,
I think that if we give people like healthcare and have their basic needs met,
then not, it's going to give them the ability in them like to maneuver,
to find their passion and to be able to have that space where they can fulfill
their lives.
Yes. And I think there's a way to do both.
There's a way to find meaning and have your needs kept. I mean,
the idea is that gee, you know, it's,
I don't think that people should get free money to the point where they could
live a, a,
a full rich life and go on vacations and have
a nice car and a nice house. Never have to work again.
It doesn't make any sense. You should, you should contribute, right.
Everyone should contribute. But if you're in a job,
that's going to be completely annihilated by automation and artificial
intelligence. It makes sense that as a community, as a,
we should figure out a way to give people money so that they can have a place to
live and food, and then try to come up with,
and sort of engineer some sort of a program to help people find new ways of
income, new ways of making living. I don't know what that would be, you know?
And, and when I talked to Tulsi about that, she didn't know what that would be.
Either this idea of trying to promote new jobs. People say that we're going to,
we're going to create new jobs. Like I hate that expression. Like,
what does that mean? If there's not a job, how are you going to create?
We'll look at our infrastructure. I mean, God. I mean, good God.
We've been giving an,
an F like every year by the army Corps of engineers and fallen apart, dude.
I mean, look at the new deal. Look at what FDR did.
And that's what Bernie keeps saying. He's like,
I'm literally in stating and economic bill of rights that FDR did a hundred
years ago.
Why am I considered a radical extremist when I'm just trying to give people
basic economic rights and trying to propose jobs to
rebuild this country? What happened to that promise that Trump levied.